# Mappy boi project

This project is a pre-alpha prototype of an app with which regular citizens could report abandoned bicycles (and maybe more?) to their municipality. It is far from complete!

> Before starting with the task, have a look around the code!
> **NOTE:** There is 217 lines of relevant code/markup in all these files - it's less than you would think and it's not a bad idea to spend time going through all the files here!

## BACKEND

- `$ npm i`
- `$ npm run dev`

## FRONTED

- `$ npm i`
- `$ npm start`

# TASK

- Add your answers here and code your solutions normally.

1. Make it so that our frontend is able to actually send reports to the backend
2. Make it so that our backend is able to save the reports to a database
3. Make use of Schemas and Models in the backend!
4. What are the commit messages of the three previous commits to this repo? And who made them?
    1) "Initial" commit by: github-classroom[bot] <66690702+github-classroom[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
    2) "GitHub Classroom Feedback" by: github-classroom[bot] <66690702+github-classroom[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
    3) "Setting up GitHub Classroom Feedback" by github-classroom[bot] <66690702+github-classroom[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

5. What is a captcha?
    - it means "Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart" - a security measure that gives you a simple test 
    - CAPTCHAs stretch or manipulate letters and numbers, and rely on human ability to determine which symbols they are.
6. Spend a maximum of 10 minutes on this question: how would you design a captcha for this form?
    - would make clicking the "Send report" button the event handler
    - when clicked you get a modal with the captcha
    - with a getCaptcha function you get a random selection of letters and numbers that get generated by a for loop from an array of all letters and numbers
    - a distorting image is placed over that captcha-span
    - with CSS you transform the letters more (transform: translate(-50%, -50%)), and also put in textshadow and a harder-to-read font
    - under the captcha you have an input field and a check button and a reload button
    - check button compares input und captcha-filed on click
    - reload button gives another captcha and empties the input field
7. **BONUS** Get all notifications from the backend and somehow show them in the fronted
8. **SUPER BONUS** Implement a captcha for this form without using any extra npm dependencies
9. **XTRA BONUS** Make the frontend look 𝓖𝓸𝓸𝓭
